add new data transformation actions; deprecate item lists (#1771)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.itemlists.md

# Item Lists

> /// warning | Removed in [TODO: version]

Author: ```suggestion
/// warning | Removed in 1.21.0
```

> n8n removed the Item Lists node in version [TODO]. Use the following nodes instead:

Author: ```suggestion
n8n removed the Item Lists node in version 1.21.0. Use the following nodes instead:
```
